Your Mission Is to Care for Patients.
Ours Is to Help You Get Paid.

Everything you need for success
under value based care

Who We Are
UnisLink is the only company that combines premium data analytics capabilities, state-of-the-art technology and processes, and high-touch, responsive client services into a single platform to help healthcare organizations and providers get paid for their hard work under every aspect of a value based care system.


Fee for Service
Integrated tools and automation options streamline and simplify patient engagement, encounter data capture and billing.

Quality Incentives
Reporting and analytics insights help make it easy to meet quality measures and maximize returns.

Pay for Performance
Analytics and EMR integration helps you focus care on patients who need it most, optimizing incentive returns and health comes.

Value/Risk-Based Payments
Scalable population health tools help you efficiently guide impactful, quality care to exceed benchmarks and avoid downside risk.

Our proprietary, comprehensive suite of offerings coupled with a deep understanding of the healthcare landscape means we’re able to offer improvements to point-of-service and back-end systems, technology, and processes that are proven to have a direct and positive impact on the bottom line.


Who We Serve
Our modular program and service offerings can be customized to perfectly fit your needswhether you are a solo provider, or a large multi-division, multi-location group practice.		
Select your path below for more information

Healthcare Providers
Our platform is the one-source solution for all of your business and revenue management needs, helping to keep your practice profitable, compliant, and cruising.

Health Systems & ACOs
Breeze past billing roadblocks with a supercharged workflow designed to handle enterprise-level challenges.

Consultants, Channel and Referral Partners
We're always on the lookout for top-of-the-line collaborators to improve our service offerings and get them before a wider audience.

Our Programs
Business & Revenue Improvement
Success in today's value-based health economy begins and ends with care delivery. But in between — that's where we come in. Think of us as your pit crew, providing an entire suite of on-site tools, programs, applications, and services to keep your business on track and running smoothly.

Advanced Analytics | Billing/RCM | Value-Added Reporting | Process Outsourcing Value-Based Payment Programs | Process Optimization

Population Health
Managing patient populations in the short, medium, and long term is essential to providing excellent care. But the road to meeting value-based quality metrics isn't always a straight or short one. Our proprietary iCMS application empowers you to do more with your EMR, eliminating guesswork and confusion, while improving patient health and connectivity.

Care Gap Analytics | Patient Engagement | Clinical Quality Measures | Chronic Care Management | Proactive Patient Alerts | Risk Mitigation

The Edge You Need

Managing your business while managing care can be an uphill drive. We work with you to make day-to-day operations and navigating population health challenges a breeze. You can focus on performance and getting paid, while we handle the rest.



Promote Better Patient Outcomes
Patient engagement tools and proactive alerts keep patients updated and on the healthy track.

Navigate Value-Based Care Cost-Effectively
We help you stay on top of your patient population to maximize benefits and identify gaps in care early on.

Improve Financial Performance
Process optimization and revenue systems implementation can lower your costs, and help you grow your business.

Manage Core Functionality and Growth
Automated workflows eliminate errors, while deep-dive analytics help you expand operations.

Enable/Meet Quality & Compliance (MIPS/MACRA) Goals
Our modules make targeting, collecting, and reporting on clinical quality measures painless and profitable.

Manage Contracts more Profitably
From charge capture to payment portals, we've optimized the entire billing process to get you more mileage out of every contract.

Promote Patient Retention
Our intake, billing, and communication models encourage patient loyalty and low turnover.

Effectively Manage Risk
Unparalleled data analytics and integrated population management tools help you improve patient benchmarks and avoid penalties.

Like Nothing Else Out There

Analytics
Deeper insight into patient population, profiles, and risk factors provides you the road map to success.

Workflow Integration
Unlike other platforms, the UnisLink RCM Plus++ adapts effortlessly to workflows and programs you already have in place.


Modular Build
We customize our services and programs to fit your scale, needs, and objectives.

Improving Revenue Cycle through Population Health
A streamlined, error-free billing system keeps patients and accounts receivable happy and healthy.


High-Touch and Low-Cost
Our dynamic pricing structure and tailored offerings work within your budget, not against it.

Overlay Functionality
Once installed, our software overlays onto your existing EMR application, to kickstart productivity.


UnisLink iCMS™ Supercharges Your EMR
Our proprietary UnisLink iCMS™ technology unlocks the power of your existing EMR to deliver advanced engagement capabilities, risk prediction and mitigation, care gap identification, and more.


UnisLink iCMS™ Modules

Population Health
Aggregate, categorize, analyze, and mobilize your population data with cutting-edge accuracy and efficiency.

Chronic Care Management
Whether in-office or in-between visits, we make following the progress of your most vulnerable patients more manageable and effective.

Clinical Quality Measures
Reporting on and meeting outcomes, resources, and care coordination benchmarks isn't always easy. Let's change that.
 
Financial Analytics and Reporting Module
Intuitive, graphical, and detailed reports provide invaluable, actionable insignt for running efficiently and capitalize on value-based reimbursements.

Thought Center







